PyGitAI
------------

This CLI package wants effective utilization of LLMs and other AI tools for git commits generated by the developers.

Here we want to parse the `git diff` on your current branch to the LLMs like ChatGPT or a local LLM model to generate a smart changelog that can help developers to make effective decisions and understand the changes.

This will be very helpful for small project developers who can rely on this tool to generate smart commit and body-text messages and maintain good standards in the project.

The long term goal is to integrate this tool with ghstack, Graphite, and other git based CLI tools. Also I want to increase the ease-of-use of AI in the development space.

Thanks for using this tool. This is my first Python package so please support me, and forgive me for any poor design choices.


Project Methodology
-------------------

The project follows a "Developer first" approach with the maximum effort towards the effective integration of industry standard tools like graphite and LLMs that come in the market. My focus is also to make sure you have a positive  developer experience using this tool on your local projects and this doesn't hamper your ability to 
work on your git projects in any way. The project keeps in mind the needs of OSS developers and CMD enthusiasts who love to code just using their keyboard and want to maintain the privacy of their codebases.

The use of tools like GitPython which were developed as hobby projects like this have provided me a great reason to follow all standard practices in Python for the development of this project. The idea is not reinventing the wheel but to make it more usable wherever possible. I saw the project `AICommits` and did not like the use of NodeJS env which makes the project less maintainable(for instance incorportating model weights direclty) and in general leads to fewer choices available to the developers in the future. So this is my alternative, which you may or may not like, but again in general both is fine by me.

Also as a remark, I believe Python envs are usually more suitable for CLI applications especially those that uses AI and Data Science in general as the developer experience of Python scripting is easier for most developers to adapt to.

If you would like to contribute or support the development of the project, please reach out to `guptaaryan16@gmail.com`.


Scope of the Project in Future:
-------------------------------

I have no idea where the OSS community is going to take this project. Right now, my main focus is to remove all the bugs as fast as possible and make the developer experience using this tool worthwhile. I know you may expect me to keep track of everything that happens in the project and support the new projects related to AI that comes in the market, frankly speaking its impossible to cover and support everything on my own. So what I want is people to come up and help me as much as possible.

As for my personal ambitions for the project, I hope that I become a better programmer and communicator as the project progresses in the future.